yo I'm Travis Barker and you're at the
Warped Tour and we're about to check out
a bunch of your favorite bands tour
buses
this is my tour bus is it transplants
tour bus and this is how we do it
big-screen TV candles it's got a smell
good PC drum machine best thing in the
world this is where we sleep these are
coffins tons of like CDs I have my
wedding ring somewhere in here here it
is just to prove to my old lady I always
have it then you move to the back of the
bus another big-screen TV this is where
we hang out like we spend all our time
back here this is my man Tim Armstrong
working out on the web tour is essential
you've got to be in shape you know what
I mean don't you agree Tim oh yeah
that's how you stay sane I worked or
you're gonna go check out the All
American Rejects tour bus
welcome to the xl2 previously owned by
Snoop Dogg himself from the pimps in the
crib mom drop it like it's hot soup if
you want a bag you got them hey I almost
feel like I'm doing cribs and buses have
your own work to her because these buses
are so nice if we show you the
extendable faucet that's oh this is the
back lounge we got the Sony connection
we got the Xbox with the cut away with a
kundo yeah that's it this is the bus
there anything you guys whose about home
my dog this my dog oh I you really know
how to cut to the core of us okay now
we're gonna go check out by lowboys bus
it's happening you guys this is where
everybody hangs out people need to wear
this I don't work for actually write
this stuff sometimes it's like
anti-wrinkle cream and it's like this is
made for dude so you don't have to feel
weird about it
number-one rule on the boss no number
choose from the bathroom so I wrote half
of our last record in this room right
here and ones like yeah MTV and Travis
are coming over here so like our tour
manager is like clean up and just put
everything in the closet you got a cool
bus let's go check out mine to destroy
us
it was happening you guys you can show
me your tour bus over here we have some
paintings we actually have a satellite
on top of our bus so we can get the
Internet we're gonna take you to the
back lounge now because that's where we
built the studio we tore out all these
bunks so we have extra space
no one's rolling like this this is
awesome we practice every day in here
and we ride at night they've got a
bonafide studio in their bus so anytime
you guys want to come by and hang out
it's awesome hey thank you for hanging
out backstage of work tour the beautiful
buses hope you'll enjoy yourselves